chore: bump to v0.21.0 (#1328)
prefix-dev/pixi: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
## [0.21.0] - 2024-05-06
### ✨ Highlights

> - This release support for global configuration files, and keyring support for PyPI credentials.

Reviewer: > This release adds support for configuring PyPI settings globally, to use alternative PyPI indexes and load credentials with keyring

> - This release support for global configuration files, and keyring support for PyPI credentials.

Author: ```suggestion
- This release adds support for configuring PyPI settings globally, to use alternative PyPI indexes and load credentials with keyring.
```
